Copy edits (#132)
websight-io/docs: docs/docs/developers/development/dialogs/tabs/index.md

## Description

> The Tabs comonent allows the user to add a tab panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tabs dialog field allows the user to add a tab panel.
```
